Add when concept (#742)
exercism/kotlin: exercises/concept/guessing-game/.docs/instructions.md

# Instructions

In this exercise, you are playing a number guessing game with a friend. 
The rules are simple: you secretly choose a number between `1` and `100` and your friend tries to guess what number you've chosen. 
To help your friend, you respond differently depending on how close the guess was to the number you've chosen (`42`) and how many guesses have been made. 
These are the rules for the different replies:

- If the guess is `42`: "Correct"

> - If the guess is `41` or `43` and there have been less than : "So close"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the guess is `41` or `43` and there have been no more than 5 guesses: "So close"
```
